Release 2.4.8 (#7288)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-2.4.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

## v2.4.8 (2025-05-12)

### Security in v2.4.8

- [#7223](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7223) - Updated dependency `h11` to `0.16.0` to address `CVE-2025-43859`. This is a development dependency and will not auto-update when upgrading Nautobot. Please be sure to update your local environment.
- [#7273](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7273) - Updated `Django` to 4.2.21 to address `CVE-2025-32873`.

### Added in v2.4.8

- [#7048](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7048) - Added bulk-edit support for the Platform model.
- [#7075](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7075) - Added Bulk Edit functionality for the webhook model.
- [#7107](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7107) - Added bulk-edit support for the JobHook model.
- [#7126](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7126) - Added Bulk Edit functionality for the CustomLink model.

> - [#7148](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7148) - Added Bulk Edit functionality for the RackGroup model.

Reviewer: nit: can we standardize the structure and format of these? `bulk-edit` vs `Bulk Edit`, `support` vs ` functionality`, etc.?

Author: Opt for `Added Bulk Edit functionality for the <model_name> model.`

> - [#7154](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7154) - Added index to `created` field in `JobLogEntry`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#7154](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7154) - Added index to `created` field in `JobLogEntry`.
```

- [#7159](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7159) - Added bulk-edit support for the ComputedField model.
- [#7232](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7232) - Added Bulk Edit functionality for the CircuitType model.
- [#7234](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7234) - Added Bulk Edit functionality for the CircuitTermination model.

### Changed in v2.4.8

> - [#7219](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7219) - Allow searching Contacts by email and phone number

Reviewer: Perhaps move to `Added`?

```suggestion
- [#7219](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7219) - Enhanced Contact and Team search to include matching by email and phone number.
```

- [#7224](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7224) - Changed `ObjectsTablePanel.__init__()` to enforce that a `related_field_name` is required when specifying a `table_attribute`.

> - [#7267](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7267) - Hide the `contacts` tab in object detail view if users do not have permission to view contacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#7267](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7267) - Changed the `contacts` tab in object detail views to not render if users do not have permission to view contact-associations.
```

- [#7155](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7155) - Refactored RackReservation model related UI views to use `NautobotUIViewSet`.
- [#7158](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7158) - Refactored CloudNetwork model related UI views to use `UI component framework`.
- [#7159](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7159) - Refactored ComputedField model related UI views to use `NautobotUIViewSet`.
- [#7162](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7162) - Refactored CloudService model related UI views to use `UI component framework`.
- [#7172](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7172) - Refactored PowerFeed model related UI views to use `NautobotUIViewSet`.
- [#7173](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7173) - Refactored JobQueue model related UI views to use `UI component framework`.
- [#7175](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7175) - Refactored JobButton model related UI views to use `UI component framework`.
- [#7184](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7184) - Refactored RadioProfile model related UI views to use `UI component framework`.

> - [#7187](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7187) - Add Upstream testing for next/next-3.0 in Apps.
> - [#7187](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7187) - Removes Upstream testing for ltm-1.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#7187](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7187) - Added upstream testing for next/next-3.0 in Apps.
- [#7187](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7187) - Removed upstream testing for ltm-1.6.
```

- [#7189](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7189) - Updated `mkdocs-material` documentation dependency to `~9.6.12`.
- [#7189](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7189) - Updated `mkdocs-section-index` documentation dependency to `~0.3.10`.
- [#7204](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7204) - Refactored SoftwareVersion model related UI views to use `UI component framework`.
- [#7212](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7212) - Refactored SoftwareImageFile model related UI views to use `UI component framework`.

> - [#7230](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7230) - Modified the mkdocs theme to load Google Tag Manager with the appropriate code for site analytics.

Reviewer: I have a belated concern about this one - see thread on internal Slack. We might need to back it out and revisit.

Author: Reverted

### Documentation in v2.4.8

- [#7140](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7140) - Fixed a typo in front port documentation.

> - [#7240](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7240) - This change reorganizes and expands the Nautobot Jobs documentation across both the User Guide and the Development Guide.
> - [#7240](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7240) - The goals of this update are to improve navigation, reduce page length for easier readability, standardize examples, and align the documentation with Nautobot 2.4.x behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#7240](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7240) - Reorganized and expanded the Nautobot Jobs documentation across both the User Guide and the Development Guide. The goals of this update are to improve navigation, reduce page length for easier readability, standardize examples, and align the documentation with Nautobot 2.4.x behavior.
```
